# v1.1 Documentation

### Overview
This documentation provides information on the Wrapper application. Wrapper is a program that packages files into a single, portable "wrap" file that can be sent to other users. The application itself is very basic and provides minimal functionality, but can be used in very powerful ways of file transporting.

### Build Targets
As of this update, Wrapper is now available for both Windows and Linux systems. All builds are as follows:

    - 1.0       [Windows]           DEPRECATED
    - 1.0.1     [Windows]
    - 1.0.2     [Windows]
    - 1.0.2.1   [Windows]   [Linux]
    - 1.0.2.2   [Windows]   [Linux] DEPRECATED
    - 1.0.2.3   [Windows]   [Linux] DEPRECATED
    - 1.1       [Windows]   [Linux]

### Output Files
A "wrap" file that is generated by the application (".wrap" files) is simply a compilation of the files that are inputed into it, seperated by metadata comments declared by the application. Metadata comments are formatted as follows:

    - Header:   "###% [package name] [version]"
    - New File: "###* [filename]"

### Unwrapping Files
The "unwrapping" process simply consists of looping through a file's contents and copying the data that is seperated by the metadata comments. It then outputs each file that has an associated filename.

### Command-line Arguments
Passing a Wrapfile to the application via command-line interface (CLI) automatically unwraps the file into the directory (e.g. `wrapper-linux-v1.1 files.wrap`).

### Notable Libraries and Dependancies
#### Windows

    - <windows.h>

#### Linux

    - <dirent.h>
    - <sys/types.h>

### Known Issues

    - Application wraps subfolders in the working folder as a file in the metadata, and unwrapping outputs it as a no-extension file with the file name as the folder name. [Linux]
    - The result Wrapfile adds two extra newlines to the end of the file. [Windows] [Linux]